hello everyone in this tuto will teach you to
download gta san andreas
the link of the download is in the
description of the video this gta I uploaded
myself to meg auto
We wait for the seconds they ask us
I do not come 48 seconds because I
I have an account if you have an account
you will wait less but if not
we wait
when the wait is over,
dais to normal discharge
Well I do not download it because I already
I have
when you have downloaded it and it is in the
desktop you give right click and click
aysén extract here
Well I do not remove it because I already
I have extracted
Once we have extracted it, we are going to team
program files and files
program we created a folder that
flame rockstargames and inside that
folder we create one with the name of the
game that is gta san andreas
and if you do not want to extract it and directly
you want to pass all the files of the
winrar then create those two folders that
I have taught you and directly you pass
to the created folder that in this case
it would be gta san andreas
if there is any problem with something tell me
what I solve it and if it has
served the video scoring it with five
stars or whatever you think
well and please subscribe to me
next tutorial